Atlas One Solutions
OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT & AT-WILL AGREEMENT
September 16, 2026
Dear Jordan Smith,
Atlas One Solutions ("the Company") is pleased to offer you (Jordan Smith) the position of Account Manager. This letter sets out the
terms of your offer and, together with the acknowledgment below, forms our agreement. Your employment with the Company is at-will,
as described below.
1. POSITION & TERMS OF EMPLOYMENT
Employee
Jordan Smith
Position / Title
Account Manager
Start date
Employment type
Full-time
Work arrangement
Onsite
FLSA classification
Exempt (not eligible for overtime)
2. COMPENSATION
You will be paid on a salary basis at a rate of 
, less applicable taxes and withholdings, payable in accordance with the
Company’s standard payroll schedule.
As an exempt employee, your compensation covers all hours worked and you are not eligible for overtime pay under the Fair Labor
Standards Act.
3. AT-WILL EMPLOYMENT
AT-WILL EMPLOYMENT STATEMENT
Your employment with Atlas One Solutions is "at-will." This means that either you or the Company may terminate the
employment relationship at any time, for any reason or no reason, with or without cause and with or without advance notice.
Nothing in this letter, in any Company handbook or policy, or in any verbal statement is intended to create a contract of
guaranteed or continued employment, or to guarantee employment for any specific period or under any specific terms.
Your at-will status can only be changed by a written agreement that is signed by both you and an authorized officer of the
Company. No manager, supervisor, or representative other than an authorized officer has authority to alter the at-will nature of
your employment.
4. CONTINGENCIES
This offer of employment is contingent upon completion of Form I-9 and presentation of documents establishing your identity and
authorization to work in the United States and satisfactory reference checks. If any contingency is not satisfied, the Company may
[Start Date]
[amount] per year
